# Mid_Bootcamp_Project
Repository for group: Angel, Laura C and Mafalda

# Case Study: Regression

## Scenario
You are working as an analyst for a real estate company. Your company wants to build a machine learning model to predict the selling prices of houses based on a variety of features on which the value of the house is evaluated.


## Objective
Your job is to build a model that will predict the price of a house based on features provided in the dataset. Senior management also wants to explore the characteristics of the houses using some business intelligence tools. One of those parameters includes understanding which factors are responsible for higher property value - $650K and above.

## Dataset
It consists of information on 22,000 properties. The dataset consists of historic data of houses sold between May 2014 to May 2015.

These are the definitions of data points provided:

Note: For some of the variables are self-explanatory, no definition has been provided.

- Id: Unique identification number for the property
- date: the date the house was sold
- price: the price of the house
- waterfront: the house which has a view to a waterfront
condition: How good the condition is (Overall). 1 indicates worn-out property and 5 excellent.
- grade: Overall grade given to the housing unit, based on the King County grading system. 1 poor, 13 excellent.
- Sqft_above: square footage of house apart from the basement
- Sqft_living15: Living room area in 2015(implies-- some renovations) This might or might not have affected the lotSize area.
- Sqft_lot15: lotSize area in 2015(implies-- some renovations)

## Files
- House prices - Data Cleaning: Jupyter Python Notebook for data cleaning
- Mid Project Group Notebook: Jupyter Python Notebook for data cleaning and group conclusions
- regression_data_cleaned.csv: File generated by the groups' data cleaning
- sql_questions_regression: SQL file with queries to answer business questions 
